Normalize format of titles and dates in extensions What's New page (#2119)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/whatsnew/index.md

### Chrome 100: `i18n.getMessage()` support in extension service workers {: #m100-i18n-getmessage }

January 27, 2022

The [`chrome.i18n.getMessage()`](/docs/extensions/reference/i18n/#method-getMessage) API is now
supported in extension service worker contexts.

> ### Chrome 99: `match_origin_as_fallback` in Canary {: #canary-match-origin-as-fallback }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Chrome 99: match_origin_as_fallback in Canary {: #canary-match-origin-as-fallback }
```

Reviewer: We don't do this in headings. The reasons for setting off code are not as critical in headings. It also tends to make documents look like ransom notes from old movies.

Reviewer: Please check this throughout.

Author: Roger, will do.

January 5, 2022

Content scripts can now specify the `match_origin_as_fallback` key to inject into frames that are
related to a matching frame, including frames with `about:`, `data:`, `blob:`, and `filesystem:`
URLs.  See the [content scripts](/docs/extensions/mv3/content_scripts/#injecting-in-related-frames)
documentation for details.

> ### Chrome 99: Extension service worker support for `file:` schemes in Canary {: #canary-file-access }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Chrome 99: extension service worker support for `file:` schemes in Canary {: #canary-file-access }
```

Reviewer: This is per the Chicago Manual of Style, which is a Google standard. You probably don't have a copy. Since we use sentence case for titles, the applicable rule is 6.62 in the 17th edition.

Please make sure all the headings in this document conform. Some of them aren't covered by this PR.

Author: I didn't realize we followed Chicago, thanks for calling that out. I'll use this PR to make all titles sentence case.

December 30, 2021

Service worker-based Manifest V2 and Manifest V3 extensions can now use the Fetch API to request
`file:`-scheme URLs. Access to `file:`-scheme URLs still requires that the user enable 'Allow access
to File URLs' for the extension in the `chrome://extensions` page.

> ### Chrome 99: Promise support for messaging APIs in Canary {: #canary-message-promise-support }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Chrome 99: promise support for messaging APIs in Canary {: #canary-message-promise-support }
```

{% endDetails %}

### Chrome 96: Dynamic content scripts {: #m96-dynamic-content-scripts }

September 24, 2021

The [`chrome.scripting`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/) API now supports
[registering](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-registerContentScripts),
[updating](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-updateContentScripts),
[unregistering](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-unregisterContentScripts), and [getting
a list](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-getRegisteredContentScripts) of content scripts
at runtime. Previously, content scripts could only be statically declared in an extension's
manifest.json or programmatically injected at runtime with
[`chrome.scripting.executeScript()`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-executeScript).

### Docs update: Manifest V2 support timeline {: #manifest-v2-support-timeline }

September 23, 2021

> The Manifest V2->V3 transition timeline was [announced in this blog post](/blog/mv2-transition/) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Manifest V2 to V3 transition timeline was [announced in this blog post](/blog/mv2-transition/) and
```

### Chrome 95: Promise support for Storage API {: #m95-storage-promise-support }

August 30, 2021

Methods on the Manifest V3 version of the [`chrome.storage`](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/)
API now return promises.

> ### Policy update: Two step verification enforcement {: #two-step-verification-enforcement }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Policy update: two step verification enforcement {: #two-step-verification-enforcement }
```

### Chrome 93: Cross origin isolation support

July 12, 2021

Both [Manifest V2](/docs/extensions/mv2/cross-origin-isolation/) and [Manifest
V3](/docs/extensions/mv3/cross-origin-isolation/) extensions can now opt into [cross origin
isolation](https://web.dev/cross-origin-isolation-guide/). This feature limits which cross-origin
resources can load an extension's pages and enables the use of low level web platform features like
[`SharedArrayBuffer`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/SharedArrayBuffer). Opt in will be required starting in Chrome 95.

> ### Policy update: Developer program policies updated {: #developer-program-policies-updated }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Policy update: developer program policies updated {: #developer-program-policies-updated }
```

June 29, 2021

The Chrome Web Store [Developer Program Policies](/docs/webstore/program_policies) have been updated
with clarifications to the deceptive installation tactics, spam, and repetitive content policies.
This update also includes a new two step verification requirement to publish on the Chrome Web
Store. [Read the blog post](/blog/policy-update-2sv/) for more information.

> ### Blog post: Extension actions in Manifest V3 {: #new-blog-post-extension-actions-in-manifest-v3 }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Blog post: extension actions in Manifest V3 {: #new-blog-post-extension-actions-in-manifest-v3 }
```

June 23, 2021

Chrome extensions had `chrome.browserAction` and `chrome.pageActions` APIs for years, but Manifest
V3 replaced both with a generic [`chrome.actions`](/docs/extensions/reference/action/) API. This
post explores the history of these APIs and what has changed in Manifest V3. [Read the
post](/blog/mv3-actions).

> ### Blog post: Introducing chrome.scripting {: #new-blog-post-introducing-chromescripting }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Blog post: introducing chrome.scripting {: #new-blog-post-introducing-chromescripting }
```

June 8, 2021

The [`chrome.scripting`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/) API is a new Manifest V3 API focused
on, well, scripting. In this post we dig into the motivations for this change and take a closer look
at it's new capabilities. [Read the post](/blog/crx-scripting-api).

> ### Chrome 92: Module service worker support {: #es-modules-for-service-workers }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Chrome 92: module service worker support {: #es-modules-for-service-workers }
```

### Chrome 91: `chrome.action.getUserSettings()` {: #chromeactiongetusersettings-available }

April 2, 2021

The new
[`chrome.action.getUserSettings()`](/docs/extensions/reference/action/#method-getUserSettings)
method allows extensions to determine if the user has pinned the extension to the main toolbar.

### Chrome 90: `chrome.scripting.removeCSS()` {: #chromescriptingremovecss-available }

February 10, 2021

The new [`chrome.scripting.removeCSS()`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-removeCSS)
method allows extensions to remove CSS that was previously inserted via
[`chrome.scripting.insertCSS()`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-insertCSS). It
replaces [`chrome.tabs.removeCSS()`](/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/#method-removeCSS).

> ### Chrome 90: Returning promises from `scripting.executeScript()` {: #m96-execute-script }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Chrome 90: returning promises from scripting.executeScript() {: #m96-execute-script }
```

February 24, 2021

[`chrome.scripting.executeScript()`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-executeScript)

> now supports returning promises. When a script evaluates to a promise, Chrome will wait for the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
now supports returning promises. When a method call evaluates with a promise, Chrome will wait for the
```

Author: This suggestion doesn't capture what we're trying to communicate. For context, `scripting.executeScript()` is similar to the [snippets](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/javascript/snippets/) feature in Chrome DevTools in that a script is executed and the final statement evaluated is the "result" of the execution. In DevTools, this result is logged to the console. In an `executeScript` call, it's stringified and passed back to the `executeScript`'s callback function as the [results](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#method-executeScript-callback) property. 

The suggested change implies any method invocation in the injected script that returns a promise will cause Chrome to await the resolution of that promise. Instead, what we're saying is that if the script evaluates to a promise (either by having the final statement evaluate to a promise or using the `func` property to inject a function that returns a promise), we will await the resolution of that promise, stringify the settled value, and pass it back to the `executeScript` callback. We illustrate this in the [Promises](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/reference/scripting/#promises) section of the scripting API documentation using an async function.

If you're still not happy with the current wording, perhaps we could change the final sentence, I'd suggest that we use the exact sentence from the scripting API doc: "If the resulting value of the script execution is a promise, Chrome will wait for the promise to settle and return its resulting value."

Reviewer: That's actually a better statement.

I was not able to infer that behavior from the existing language. I suggested the change because I thought you were just being overly broad with your terminology. I thought it was analogous to someone using the word 'API' when they're talking about a method.

Author: Ack, using the sentence form the Scripting API docs.

### Chrome 89: New API for managing tab groups {: #new-api-for-tab-groups-mv3-only }

January 14, 2021

The new [`chrome.tabGroups`](/docs/extensions/reference/tabGroups/) API and new capabilities in
[`chrome.tabs`](/docs/extensions/reference/tabs/) let extensions read and manipulate tab groups.
Requires Manifest V3.

### Chrome 89: Customizable permissions for web accessible resources {: #customizable-permissions-for-mv3-web-accessible-resources }

December 23, 2020

[Web accessible resources](/docs/extensions/mv3/manifest/web_accessible_resources/) definitions in
Manifest V3 have changed to let extensions restrict resource access based on the requester's origin
or extension ID.

> ### Blog post: Extension Manifest Converter {: #extension-manifest-converter}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Blog post: extension Manifest Converter {: #extension-manifest-converter}
```

Author: I originally committed this change, but on closer look I reverted it because "Extension Manifest Converter" is a proper noun. As such, I think we should also change the name of the blog post from "Extension manifest converter" to "Extension Manifest Converter".

Reviewer: Sound good.

Reviewer: I think this is the only remaining issue. Let me know when you've changed the title.

Author: The most recent commit renames the blog post to "Extension Manifest Converter."
